as I want to come come getting closer
partnership yeah I don't need to have
what do they do is get more money in the
future the videos as good as a yes yeah
more views and a little bit more
percentage le when you made 111
Chromebooks touch me clicking and left
the last night cream age that we hit
another issue for says like 14,000 views
on that video also it's good for meeting
so amazing I'm not a lot I mean I just
started in june gentle slap yes it also
when you know somebody that's already
kind of downsizing yes yeah cuz I know
and get all their most like underworld
1657 look at that is she should check
him out he and his buddies hilarious
great videos before I stuff hang out but
are we going to the beer are you gonna
be at ycs kids are not only to make
sweeping for the reason most perfect
over by Simone hopefully so
hey how about six minutes need some air
force my texting got in store for air
force today yo hear me six minutes yeah
Scully give you some help it's oh yeah
look it alone I think you got so good an
interview
running about 15 minutes we going nordic
we you knew its hidden girl kind of
pulling something on the other night
babe or not they've been chained tater
you look down there oh honey it's him I
love you you guys gonna be very real
soon yeah what's up I'm an amazing pic
Qwik plays in changes kool i also like I
said I wasn't going to activate it Mr
Blair flavor childers work ahead and
wake up to the power
sorry photo opportunity no ma'am it up
yes you're ready good god I'm saying
yeah he's worthy ghost on me a totally
natural say yeah even still love me
there was people just like Oh bill BLS
cool new are granted by the why Boober
fault you could get you to teach others
like okay I'm bad do you like that's
awesome now hope some house stuff
no give so much what I mustn't two
minutes with you I got for your data can
find that again some yeah but that's
keep getting better but Daniels
what's my shoot I'm another house owes
it over